Hi I'm Radheshyam from Bihar.

I've three years of experience in /*white box*/ software Testing/ Unit and Integration Testing.
I've worked on RTRT and Vectorcast(Auto generated test case tool) automation tool.

Currently I'm Working in Path Partner technology.
PRIVOUSLY I Worked in Eximius Design as a Software Engineer.
Currently i worked on Bootloader project in NVIDIA.
my Highest qualification Aeronautical Engineering.

Roles and Responsibility:
Role as software Engineer.
Responsibility:
Analyzing and creating plan to achieve the software requirements.
Developing test cases and test procedures as per software unit design document.
Achieve 100% code coverage, Branch coverage, MCDC and functional tests.
Executing test cases in VectorCAST for both host and target
Involved in regression and Retesting.
Generate Test result and test summary reports.
Develop integration test as per requirements.
Achieve functionality coverage as per the requirements.

Question at last:
Which project is going on currently
What tool will be threre for testing in this project
Is this a long term project?
For Which project you are hiring.
Which tool will be there.?
Who is the client?
On which Language?

Bootloader:
What is a bootloader?
A bootloader, also known as a boot program or bootstrap loader,
 is a special operating system software that loads into the working memory of a computer after start-up.
 For this purpose, immediately after a device starts,
 a bootloader is generally launched by a bootable medium like a hard drive,
 a CD/DVD or a USB stick. The boot medium receives information from the computer’s firmware 
 (e.g. BIOS) about where the bootloader is.
 The whole process is also described as “booting”.


A summary of a bootloader’s functions
Bootloaders serve as a mediator between hardware and the operating system.
 As soon as a bootloader has been initialized by the respective firmware,
 it has system responsibility to get the boot process going.
 The first task is to load the main memory, which is essential for the processor to work.

In the second step, the bootloader loads the kernel of the operating system, that is,
 the primary component of the system software that controls all storage and processor
 permissions and contains all important drivers.
 The bootstrap loader also processes different routine tasks and commands, e.g. integrating data storage.
 Some bootloaders also perform tasks beyond starting up software, including:

* Identifying and starting other available bootloaders
* Launching application programs (frequently used in the 1980s to launch computer games directly from a disk)
* Correcting or expanding missing functions and entries in the firmware
* Loading alternative firmware
After successfully completing all tasks, the bootloader returns the system responsibility to the kernel


github
username
radheshyamks
pass: Radhe*@011234
url for github
https://github.com/radheshyamks/temp-repo